Now I think that I have my code working, I can start writing. What is the point
of writing a book via twitter? Honestly there is no point. This is a social
experiment to see if people actually pay attention to a random internet
phenomena. My guess is that everyone out there that actually uses twitter does
so for another reason that actually the love of tweeting. Do I love to tweet?
Not really I think that if you write a tweet from you phone then it sounds like
a text message and if you write a tweet from you computer it sounds like your
trying to sell something. But we live in the future now and that is just a part
of our communication. You might ask why is this the future? If you look at any
predictions of what the future was supposed to look like from 100 years ago you
basically find a strange but accurate picture of today. One of my favorite
pictures of humanity's future is Disney World. Does anyone remember the huge
globe at the entrance of EPCOT!?! There is a ride in there that shows the
development of communication. When I was growing up I remember being on that
ride and seeing the final stage of the ride and being amazed. I'm not so amazed
anymore. We talk to each other through tablets. We can talk to videoscreens and
see the people that we're in contact with. We have the future now. But we don't
have an idea of what the future is going to be like after this. Or we might.
Science fiction now is pretty much based on disaster. Is that what our future is
going towards? Are we hell bent on either natural disaster or war? Are we going
to start combining our bodies with computers and making "androids"? I have no
idea, but I think that we need to have something to aim for that isn't just
disaster. I want a positive idea of the future. I don't want to just expect the
future to be bad. How will next several months and year affect this? Will the
next leader of the free world be an activist or a despot? Are we going to be
able to tell the difference?
